                         David Yau's corner on the WWW
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/line.marble.gif]
**** Hello! Whatever took you here, welcome and make yourself at home! ****
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/dy.icon.gif]
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/line.marble.gif]
***** [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/lightning.icon.gif] Establishing
contact *****
  [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/envelope.gif]
      915 E. 41st Street #201
      Austin, TX 78751

      Department of Computer Sciences
      TAY 150K
      The University of Texas at Austin
      Austin, TX 78712-1188
  [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/email.gif]
      Internet: yau@cs.utexas.edu
  [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/phone.gif]
      Home: 512-374-9171
      UTCS: 512-471-9599
      UTCS Fax: 512-471-8885
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/line.marble.gif]
***** [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/jw03.tiny.gif] Getting into
business *****
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/ball.blue.gif] What I do for
research>research
?

[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/line.marble.thin.gif]
***** [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/jw17.tiny.gif] Outside of work,
but let's still try to be serious *****
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/ball.blue.gif] Some of my favorite
sayings>quotes
.
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/ball.white.gif] Words_of_hope for
daily meditation.
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/line.marble.thin.gif]
***** [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/jw21.tiny.gif] How about some
fun stuff now? *****
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/ball.blue.gif] [http://
www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/jw01.small.gif] Classical guitar: A concert by
the_Assad_brothers in the Hong Kong Arts Festival (must have been '81 or '82)
first introduced me to the beauty of the classical guitar. Christopher
Parkening is a guitarist with an interesting life story to tell: he once grew
tired of concertizing, retiring at age 30; then reconciliation with God through
Jesus Christ rekindled his passion for his art. There is also the Amsterdam
Guitar_Trio.
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/ball.white.gif]The French are rich in
artistic flair, like their national football team led by Michel Platini, and
the Label_France_Magazine published by le Minist&egravere des Affaires
&eacutetrang&egraveres.
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/ball.red.gif] [http://
www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/amychow01.icon.gif] Amy_Chow, the US woman
gymnast.
[http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/yau/gifs/line.marble.gif]
Thanks for dropping by. You are visitor number [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/pub/
cgi/Count.cgi?ft=5&dd=D&frgb=255;0;0|df=yau1.dat] since Sept 1, 1996.
UTCS_homepage
